                                                                   assignment - 2

                                                      elastic compute cloud (ec2)
                                                   working with security groups
  
               security group

  Security groups act as a firewall for associated instances, controlling both inbound and outbound traffic at the instance level.       You must add rules to a security group that enable you to connect to your instance from your IP address using SSH.You'll need the public IP address of your local computer, which you can get using a service. 

              steps To create a security group

1)  Open the Amazon EC2 console.

2)  From the navigation bar, select a region for the security group. Security groups are specific to a region, so you should select the same region in which you created your key pair.

3)  Click Security Groups in the navigation pane. 

4)  Click Create Security Group.

5)  Enter a name for the new security group and a description. Choose a name that is easy for you to remember.For example, me_SG_useast2.

6)  In the VPC list, select your VPC. If you have a default VPC, it's the one that is marked with an asterisk.

    If your account supports EC2-Classic, select the VPC that you created in the previous task.

7)  On the Inbound tab, create the following rules and then click Create.

                              *Select HTTP from the Type list, and make sure that Source is set to Anywhere.
                              *Select HTTPS from the Type list, and make sure that Source is set to Anywhere.
                              *Select SSH from the Type list. In the Source box, ensure Custom is selected, and specify the public IP address of your computer or network in CIDR notation.
                     these are the steps for creating a security group in EC2.


                 working with security groups
 
                 in security groups there are so many working function included in it.they are:
                                     *security groups can be created for ec2 classic and for ec2 -vpc.   
                                     *there are security group rules,we can add rules to security group and delete rules from security groups.

                                     *we can default security group,custom security group,create security group,describe our security group and delete security groups.

